SimpleATM v2.3
Tested with CraftBukkit recommended build 1060

**Please note: this plugin requires an iConomy PLUGIN in order to work. This plugin will NOT provide you with an economy system**

Features:
    Withdraw/deposit blocks from your pocket money!
    You can set the withdraw/deposit blocks and their values in a config file. (standatrd will use gold blocks/ingots at rates of 9/1 credits
    works with all Major Economies trough Register api by @Nijikokun
    Support for sign color plugins.
    Permissions support!
    how to when left click on sign

How to create a sign:
    first option:
        When creating an ATM sign, you must follow this format:
            Line 1:
            Line 2: [ATM]
            Line 3:
            Line 4:

            Line 1: You can choose what to put here
            Line 2: This must ALWAYS be "[ATM]" (without quotes). No colours or other characters allowed.
            Line 3: you can place any info here
            Line 4: you can place any info here

        For example:
            empty
            [ATM]
            left click
            sign for info

    Second option:        
        When creating an ATM sign, you must follow this format:
            Line 1:
            Line 2: [ATM]
            Line 3:
            Line 4:

            Line 1: You can choose what to put here
            Line 2: This must ALWAYS be "[ATM]" (without quotes). No colours or other characters allowed.
            Line 3: you can place any info here
            Line 4: you can place any info here

        For example:
            empty
            [ATM]
            left click
            sign for info

How to use:

    Left click: Shows how to use in chat

    Right click:
        with gold block: adds 9credits to your balance
        with gold ingot: adds 1credit to your balance
        with anything else in hand: gives you a gold block and contracts 9credits from your account if your balance is high enough.

Permissions:
If you have Permissions installed, you can use these permission node. Otherwise, the plugin will read from ops.txt, and allow ATM signs for anyone in ops.txt

    'SimpleATM.place' - this permission allows the user/group to place ATM signs.
    'SimpleATM.remove' - this permission allows the user/group to removeATM signs.

Changelog:
Version 2.3
    Fixed for minecraft 1.8

Version 2.2
    Added possebility to wirhtdraw a block when under the first blocks value

Version 2.1
    Fixed support for other economy plugins than iconomy
    When left click you get list of what blocks you can depoit and wirthdraw

Version 2.0
    Added config file. You can now set what blocks you want to be able to deposit and witch block should be withdrawn and their economical values
    Added support for all Major Economies trough Register api by @Nijikokun
    You can now use a sign color plugin to give the ATM a color (standard it will turn gold when created)
    checked support for bukkit 1060

Version 1.2
    When you have no permission plugin it will now be only avaidable for ops

Version 1.1
    Added Sign protection
    Added permission SimpleATM.remove

Version 1.0
    Released my plugin